Hurry up and search for the road in the steering wheel
It is urgent to make the name of the young master of the Su family
Husband, why did you come here, little rascal?
Thousands of miles away
Live streaming host Xiaokui is very weak
It may remind you that you are failing at any time
Can leave the hospital can not leave the hospital
You have a lot of guts
Lao Tzu and Doctor Zhao, why did you take him out?
I know my husband's 4th birthday is today
Xiaohong wants to take him to the amusement park
So shut up.
Shut up!
Let me tell you about this eyebrow tattoo
Since you gave birth to 100 million
My body keeps sliding
Xiaohui is seriously ill
Master has already counted with me
He's a disaster, no
Ming Zhe, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I know you've never liked Yiyi
But he is just like Xiaowei
All our children
All my heart
Why is it the same as a frog?
Xiao Hui is my heart, you figure it out
They're just a bad village with dragons
Sooner or later, you will kill our whole family, do you know?
What about Xiaohua's people?
Hahaha
Yes, what about one by one?
Get out of the way
get out of the way
Doctor doctor
He came to the hospital with me today.
He was behind me just now
Why is it missing?
I'm going to find him.
I'm going to the hospital.
Dr. Zhao, how is Xiaohui's situation?
Xiao Hui's situation this time is very critical
A kidney transplant is necessary immediately
Have you done the matching test with Xiaohui?
Done.
They were a very good match.
Same age
It was the perfect identity.
Really? That's great.
Are you scheduling the surgery now?
But Yiyi is your biological daughter after all.
Oops, I just want to save my son Xiaohui
As for the Calamity
It doesn't matter if he dies or not.
Doctor Zhang, please
And then there's this.
Okay, I'll arrange it first.
Is it arranged properly over there?
Ah, it's all settled in.
Please rest assured, Mr. Su.
I avoided all the surveillance in the hospital
No one knows that I took the lady
Yiyi is the best
Just go in for a while
It doesn't hurt at all.
Dad, I gave my brother my photography
Can this really save my brother?
Yes, we can.
As long as you can save your brother
I'm willing to do whatever you ask me to do
Oh, you're so nice.
Be brave. Be brave.
What are you doing?
Go arrange it.